oh that you would rend the heavens that
oh that you would rend the heavens that you would come down that the mountains
you would come down that the mountains
you would come down that the mountains might shake at your presence as fire
might shake at your presence as fire
might shake at your presence as fire burns brushwood as fire causes water to
burns brushwood as fire causes water to
burns brushwood as fire causes water to boil to make your name known to your
boil to make your name known to your
boil to make your name known to your adversaries that the nations may tremble
adversaries that the nations may tremble
adversaries that the nations may tremble at your presence when you did awesome
at your presence when you did awesome
at your presence when you did awesome things for which we did not look you
things for which we did not look you
things for which we did not look you came down the mountains shook at your
came down the mountains shook at your
came down the mountains shook at your presence for since the beginning of the
presence for since the beginning of the
presence for since the beginning of the world men have not heard nor perceived
world men have not heard nor perceived
world men have not heard nor perceived by the ear nor has the eye seen any God
by the ear nor has the eye seen any God
by the ear nor has the eye seen any God besides you who acts for the one who
besides you who acts for the one who
besides you who acts for the one who waits for him you meet him who rejoices
waits for him you meet him who rejoices
waits for him you meet him who rejoices and does righteousness who remembers you
and does righteousness who remembers you
and does righteousness who remembers you in your ways you are indeed angry for we
in your ways you are indeed angry for we
in your ways you are indeed angry for we have sinned in these ways we continue
have sinned in these ways we continue
have sinned in these ways we continue and we need to be saved but we are all
and we need to be saved but we are all
and we need to be saved but we are all like an unclean thing and all our
like an unclean thing and all our
like an unclean thing and all our righteousnesses are like filthy rags we
righteousnesses are like filthy rags we
righteousnesses are like filthy rags we all fade as a leaf and our iniquities
all fade as a leaf and our iniquities
all fade as a leaf and our iniquities like the wind have taken us away and
like the wind have taken us away and
like the wind have taken us away and there is no one who calls on your name
there is no one who calls on your name
there is no one who calls on your name who stirs himself up to take hold of you
who stirs himself up to take hold of you
who stirs himself up to take hold of you for you have hidden your face from us
for you have hidden your face from us
for you have hidden your face from us and have consumed us because of our
and have consumed us because of our
and have consumed us because of our iniquities but now O Lord you are our
iniquities but now O Lord you are our
iniquities but now O Lord you are our Father we are the clay and you are
Father we are the clay and you are
Father we are the clay and you are Potter and all we are the work of your
Potter and all we are the work of your
Potter and all we are the work of your hand
hand
hand do not be furious Oh Lord nor remember
do not be furious Oh Lord nor remember
do not be furious Oh Lord nor remember iniquity forever indeed
iniquity forever indeed
iniquity forever indeed please look we all are your people your
please look we all are your people your
please look we all are your people your holy cities are a wilderness Zion is a
holy cities are a wilderness Zion is a
holy cities are a wilderness Zion is a wilderness Jerusalem a desolation our
wilderness Jerusalem a desolation our
wilderness Jerusalem a desolation our holy and beautiful temple where our
holy and beautiful temple where our
holy and beautiful temple where our fathers praised you is burned up with
fathers praised you is burned up with
fathers praised you is burned up with fire and all our pleasant things are
fire and all our pleasant things are
fire and all our pleasant things are laid waste will you restrain yourself
laid waste will you restrain yourself
laid waste will you restrain yourself because of these things Oh Lord will you
because of these things Oh Lord will you
because of these things Oh Lord will you hold your peace and afflict us very
hold your peace and afflict us very
hold your peace and afflict us very severely